your house as a fine little house Jack
are you allowed to speak along the way I
was thinking there might be rules let me
put it this way way if you make it all
the way without uttering a word but do
carry on merrily just don't believe
you're going to tell me something I am
third before
[Music]
so I was maybe a mistake what was maybe
a mistake me getting in this car with
you you might as well be a serial killer
sorry but you do kind of look like one
[Music]
like screaming I definitely don't
some people claim that the atrocities we
commit in our fiction are those inner
desires which we cannot commit in our
controlled civilization so they are
expressed instead through our art I
don't agree
I believe heaven and hell are one in the
same the soul belongs to heaven and the
body to hell
[Music]
when I think about all the things I've
done in my life
without in any way resulting in
punishment
you
[Music]